At the start of episode six, the islanders deal with the fallout from the recoupling the night before. Sean has gone home, but nobody seems to care too much. He didn’t have a love connection with anyone in the villa and was going home regardless of who Corbin chose.

The next night, the couples have a slumber party. There’s something intensely sexual about the producers of this Love Island USA season. The slumber party turns into the boys handcuffed to a bed and the girls blindfolded and in search of their man.

Melanie takes full advantage of the blindfold and alternates between kissing Sincere and Corbin for far too long. It’s messy in the best possible way. Regardless of what anyone else thinks, I love Mela and think she makes great TV. She’s intentionally messy and immature in a young way, but in a way that I can root for.

Two female bombshells come into the villa during the challenge and make out with the boys. Afterwards, KC says he’s feeling “blessed” and Aniya is clearly annoyed. If the girls were feeling left out, they didn’t have to be for long because country boy Caleb comes in ready to sweep Kenzie off of her feet.

The next day is all about Sol. Gabriel pulls her and they kiss, but the kiss must have been horrendous because Sol immediately kills the connection afterwards.

Sincere also pulls Sol, and the two of them hit it off. They’re all over each other making out, and they spend the next couple of days getting to know each other. Melanie is obviously upset about the situation, and Sincere only makes it worse. He alternates between the two girls telling them both what they want to hear and then doing whatever he wants anyways.

Jen is a far worse bombshell. The only man we see her talk to is Gabriel, and while they kiss he still seems more interested in Beatriz.

Caleb finds a connection with Kenzie, but she doesn’t know what she wants. She loves her white boy cowboy, but there’s something about her that’s still drawn to Corbin and the connection they created.

After this episode, the public is allowed to vote for who they want Sol, Jen, and Caleb to couple up with. These votes tend to happen on Tuesday nights, but we don’t get the reveals until Friday.

The episodes after a public vote are always stressful for me personally. We already impacted these people’s lives, and now we’re seeing information that could change our minds completely.

Post vote, though, everything continues more or less the same. Sincere plays both Melanie and Sol and the girls for some reason refuse to communicate with each other. Corbin asks to kiss Melanie and she turns him down to be respectful to Kenzie.

The only shake-up is that Bryce decides to pull Kayda for a chat. He wants to see if there was anything there (despite her curving him aggressively when she first walked into the villa). I can’t tell if this is fully producer manipulation or not, but it goes exactly as far as expected: nowhere.

Then, it’s finally time to read the public’s vote!

America chooses Jen to couple with Gabriel, Caleb to couple with Kenzie, and Sol to couple with Sincere.

That leaves Mela, Beatriz, and Corbin single and vulnerable. Because there’s one boy and two girls, Corbin gets to choose which girl he wants to couple up with. He obviously chooses Melanie and Beatriz is sent home.

For those who wanted drama, Melanie doesn’t give it to them. She gives a long speech about being over Sincere and giving him to Sol, and then moves on. She might be an emotional person, but she’s not going to give the audience an extreme crash out.

On the back end of the public’s vote out during episode nine, our cast is forced to cope with their new reality. Melanie sleeps in Soul Ties because she doesn’t want to be in the same room as Sincere and Sol that night.

For the next couple of days, Sincere completely ignores Melanie. He appears happy with Sol and focuses on their connection. Then, he tells Sol that he wants to have a chat with Melanie to get closure. During the chat, he tells Melanie he still wants her—Sincere is truly evil.

A few episodes ago, KC declared that he was into Sol. He never did anything about this at the time, but now he’s debating circling back. He has a chat with Sol where they confirm they were both into each other. This probably would have led nowhere, but then there’s a challenge.

At the challenge, KC is chosen as the “player who acts like he’s already won the game”. Zach’s reasoning was that KC didn’t explore Sol even though he was initially attracted to her. Aniya is worried that she’s just the safe option and not the girl KC truly wants. The happy couple end up in a fight where Aniya needs an immense amount of reassurance, and KC gets frustrated.

I would be on KC’s side, but then he tells the boys that he wants Aniya to be doing more with him in bed and he loses me. Some girls don’t want to have public sex! Let Aniya be who she is!

Gabriel and Jen are in a couple now, and that connection seems to be going well. Gabriel just loves to make out, and Jen is game. She seems happy, so I’m happy for them.

Zach and Kayda have a bit of a rocky start to their day after Zach shares that he doesn’t want to have sex in case a bombshell comes in that he falls for. Kayda is obviously off-put by that. Regardless of whether producers were manipulating earlier, they certainly are now because that night the Hideaway opens! Zach and Kayda are obviously chosen, and they head off to do who knows what.

In the hideaway, Zach has sex with Kayda and then asks if she’ll be mad if he explores a bombshell in the future. Kayda still seems happy though, so good for her I guess.

Bryce and Trinity continue their strong connection. One of my favorite parts of the episodes is watching the two of them gossip together about what is going on with everyone else in the villa. They’re adorable together and I cannot get enough.

There’s a twist for the next recoupling. All islanders must write one love note to the person they want to recouple with, and if two people write a letter to each other they’ll be paired.

Zach and Kayda pair up (although Zach’s note was sort of lackluster), Bryce and Trinity pair up, and Gabriel and Jen pair up. This is a perfect time for KC and Aniya to clarify their feelings for each other and confirm that they do both actually like each other. It goes well and I tear up a bit listening to them read the letters.

And now for the drama! Kenzie opens her mailbox and finds two letters, which means Corbin and Caleb both wrote to her. When Caleb opens his mailbox, there’s nothing there. This makes Corbin incredibly excited—Kenzie wrote him a letter! They’re back together again. Bombshell Caleb failed in his mission.

From there, the only people left are Sincere, Melanie, and Sol. Sincere opens first and finds two letters. Despite everything, Melanie still cares about Sincere and wants to be back with him. In a twist that breaks my heart for Sol, Sincere chooses Melanie! I don’t know how Sol could have seen that coming, but now she’s single as well.

Ariana Madix announces that as singles, Sol and Caleb will be coupled up together. This has to be one of the worst bombshell attempt of all time. The only reason Jen is in a solid couple is because the public got Beatriz sent home. And now, the other two bombshells are coupled up together.

As the episode comes to an end, the public gets another vote. This time, we’re voting for who our favorite couple is! I voted for Trinity and Bryce, because I love my Tumblr baddies.