As Casa Amor continues, reality starts to hit for some of the boys. Racist Alannah is kicked out of the villa, and so Zach starts pretending that it was Kayda he wanted all along. I don’t believe him for an instant, but I don’t know how much Kayda will ever get to find out. Typically, when islanders are removed they’re fully erased from the show, so this will certainly be interesting for her.

Postcards are delivered to both villas that show pictures of the OGs kissing (or doing something) while in casa. In the postcard to the girls, Zach is kissing Alannah on night one, KC is kissing Titi, Bryce is sucking a foot during the challenge, Corbin is kissing Parminda, and Caleb is kissing Jaiden. In the postcard to the boys, Kayda is kissing Chay during a challenge, Trinity is kissing in the photo booth, Melanie is staring lovingly into Corey’s eyes, Kenzie is sticking her tongue out with Dylan, Jen is kissing Gal, and Aniya has her leg in Carl’s lap.

Bryce and Trinity instantly worry about the other one. Bryce wonders if Trinity is in love now that she’s with a man who’s exactly her type. Trinity worries that Bryce will see her photo booth picture and think she was being disloyal, despite the fact that she sleeps in Soul Ties after the first night.

Kayda and Aniya instantly burst into tears. They’re devastated by their men, but I honestly cannot even feel bad for them given the choices they make later in the episode. Trinity does her best to console them, but also encourages them to move on and make the most out of the numbers 2s who are there for them in Casa. She’s right—clearly, KC and Zach are doing their own exploring.

Melanie is upset, but she’s keeping it together. I think she’s decided she’ll come back to him no matter what, so she doesn’t worry about what he’s doing in the photos. Sincere admits he was completely forgetting what Melanie looked like, but seeing the picture makes him miss her again. That’ll certainly be played at movie night!

In this episode, KC shows the absolute worst side of himself. He shit talks Aniya and says that he won’t even be happy for her if she finds someone. He’s truly an evil man and I hope both Titi and Aniya come out of the villa without him.

Kenzie seems happy with Dylan, but she doesn’t settle for one man. She also pursues Gal, much to her best friend Jen’s displeasure.

It’s time for the recoupling episode!

It’s honestly a fairly anticlimactic Love Island USA casa amor in terms of who couples up with whom. It goes exactly as you would expect—Caleb, Corbin, KC, Kenzie, and Jen all recouple. Everyone else chooses to stay single and try to get back with their original partner. That said, there was a lot of fighting!

The girls wack Corbin hard when he comes in, and he stands there and takes it. I respect that he didn’t argue too much or make excuses, and Parmida seemed to be on the same wavelength as him here.

When KC comes in, the girls attack him hard. As they should. They destroy him for his behavior in the livestreamed video, for what he has to say standing in front of them, and the disrespect in general. Titi tries to talk for him, and they wack her too. Trinity does a great job standing up for Aniya, but I’m honestly impressed by how much Aniya found her voice as well.

Titi’s decision to argue back was honestly uncalled for. She calls Titi a “little girl” and refuses to back down when Trinity says she only wants to talk to KC. The vibes are rancid! I know she had to steal a man but let the slighted girls yell at him a bit! The mood in the villa is going to be incredibly contentious in the coming days.

The public gets to vote for one casa boy and one casa girl to come back to the villa. I voted Carl for Aniya and Sydney because she’s beautiful.

In the aftermath of the recoupling, the islanders divide into groups and talk it out. The OG boys and their new girls are cruel towards Aniya, laughing and shrugging off any hurt that was caused.

Zach even complains about how much better the vibe was in Casa—never mind the fact that he should be happy to be back with his girl! Parmida notes that it’s because they’re “not 21 or 22”, she’s actually a whole 25 years old! Her saying this is exceptionally funny considering her man is 22.

Aniya has a full-on breakdown, sobbing about how disrespected she feels. Mela proves that she’s the best friend in the villa by giving her a hype-up speech that will last a lifetime. If you haven’t watched it yet, I highly recommend.

After Mela and Aniya go upstairs, Parmida introduces herself to the OG girls. They apologize for being mean to her and explain that their issue is fully with Corbin. The difference between Titi and Parmida could not be bigger. One of them is a girls girl whose job was to steal a man, and the other is someone who’s always going to put her man over her girls. I almost changed my opinion on Titi later on when she pulled Aniya to squash the beef with her, but there’s something about her vibe that I find incredibly offputting.

Melanie’s anger at Sincere hasn’t completely gone away. She doesn’t like that he cuddled and kissed another girl at all. Kayda, on the other hand, jumps happily into bed with her man at the end of the night.

The next day, there’s a challenge featuring the one and only Megan Thee Stallion. She marches in there and announces that the islanders will play a game of musical chairs where they try to twerk and then sit on cakes. Then, the fun part of the challenge starts—the islanders get to cake the person of the opposite gender that has done them dirty. The girls certainly got their lick back!

At the very end of the challenge, we learn the result of America’s vote. Carl and Amora pop out of giant cakes! Aniya, for one, could not be happier to have him back.

My favorite part of the day was watching KC’s face whenever Megan Thee Stallion insulted him or complimented Aniya. He realized in real time that America’s heart belongs to Aniya. Carl’s vote-in was the cherry on top.

Still covered in cake, the islanders split by gender to discuss the night’s events. Amora almost tells Kayda about Zach’s bad behavior in Casa, but Titi pulls her before she can finish her sentence. Odd! Still, Kayda learns enough to know that Zach wasn’t a perfect prince over in the other villa.

Jen has a conversation with Gal where he admits to not liking PDA. It’s a pretty tough show to be on if that’s truly the case. I feel bad for Jen, but it’s clear her man will not be her man for long.

Carl pulls Aniya, and he shares that he’s still interested in her, but it might take a bit to get over the hurt. This is definitely his signal to Aniya that she has to prove her affection for him now. I’m excited to see how the relationship blossoms.

Amora pulls Sincere and tells him off for treating her like a “hall pass”. It wasn’t fair to her at all. Sincere then has to go to Melanie and explain the conversation. I don’t think this man is trying to be bad, but he’s certainly not very good at being in a relationship. I’m incredibly proud of Melanie for the line she says in this conversation: “The prize isn’t being chosen. It’s being respected.”

Trinity’s got a text! It’s time for her and Bryce to go off on a date. They get dressed in matching pink bathing suits and jet ski to a boat. On the boat, he asks her to be his girlfriend! It’s so adorable. I cannot explain how much I love the two of them.

While they’re away, Parmida and Corbin also (very prematurely) close off and Corbin gets closure with Kenzie.

That night, KC pulls Aniya for a chat, finally. I guess now that Carl is back he’s suddenly remembering that Aniya is desirable again. Despite pulling Aniya, KC has nothing to say. He makes Aniya talk first, and she does. The disrespect was in the way KC talked about her and treated her, not that he explored and found a better connection. Aniya calls him a coward, and for the first time he actually feels some emotions. She’s right though, and I’m glad she’s standing up for herself. He asks for a hug at the end, and she says “fuck no”. Okay Aniya!

That night, Gal tells Jen he’s not into her anymore. I feel bad for the girl, but she really does have to leave the villa. Kenzie tells Dylan she’s very into him but wants to have one more chat with Gal just in case. It seems to go well, so well that they make out at the end.

I know I just said the conversation between Gal and Kenzie went well, but turned out it didn’t! Kenzie goes to Dylan to admit the kiss and conversation and share that she likes Dylan better. Her man is deeply upset about it and bursts into tears. He’s either the world’s biggest baby or he really likes Kenzie. I’m hoping for the latter.

Jen finds out about the kiss from Kayda and tells Kenzie that she wouldn’t be her friend in real life. The way Kenzie went behind her back was unacceptable. At movie night, Jen doesn’t sit with Kenzie, so it does seem like their friendship is over.

And now it’s time for movie night!

In clip one, Zach is exposed for kissing Alannah. Kayda is sad, but seems to get over it for the most part.

In clip two, KC is an absolute villain, being mean to Aniya and putting her down at every opportunity. There’s also a clip of him talking to Sydney to remind Titi that she’s not safe. The girls and guys get into a fight about how the men didn’t tell Aniya the truth about how KC was feeling. Honestly though, I think it was only Corbin who knew while in the main villa, and what can you really expect from him.

As KC’s package ends, one of the OG girls realizes Alannah isn’t at the recoupling fire, and Jaiden tells Kayda that she left the villa on day two. Jaiden thought Kayda knew the whole time. Thank the gods she knows now. I would have been furious if it was never revealed. She yells at Zach, but he maintains that he was picking Kayda regardless. Amora confirms Zach’s story, but agrees it’s odd he left it out when talking to Kayda. The lie is just as painful as the kisses.

Clip three is of Anya moving on from KC and onto Carl. Zach, Sincere, and Titi get mad that the girls find it cute rather than being angry about it. It’s ridiculous, because they’re mad at how disrespectful KC was, not the fact that he explored. Boys are dumb.

Sincere’s clip exposes the way he lied to both Sol and Mela. Even the boys are shocked into silence this time. It’s hard to defend someone who says “I don’t want to explore Sol” to Melanie, then immediately kisses Sol, then tells Mela he has no connection with Sol, then calls Sol “beloved” and says he closed things off with Melanie. It’s rough. He really is a mess. I hope Melanie never takes that man back.

As Melanie cries, Aniya gives her a pep talk about how beautiful and deserving of love she is. It’s so cute how close those two have become and the way they’re there for each other through everything.

And that’s the episode!