Welcome to the villa! 10 hot new singles enter Love Island to begin dating. This year, they’re all forced to make out in a challenge pretty much right off the bat. After this chance to “get to know each other” the girls all choose what boy they want, and the boys get to choose out of the girls that choose them.

This pairs up Trinity and Bryce, Sean and Beatriz, Melanie and Sincere, and Kenzie and Zak. Aniya and KC had chemistry during the make-outs but ended up un-paired. As the leftovers, they were paired together and are already one of my favorite couples.

The drama really kicks off the next night when the couples are asked to either accept or reject their current partner by standing on a red light or green light on the opposite side of the door. Everyone chooses the green light except Trinity, Bryce, Beatriz, and Zak. Those four are whisked off to “Paradise Cove” where they meet two new bombshells, Kayda and Gabriel.

For the next 24 hours, the groups are split between the red lights and bombshells, and the green lights. Kayda is clearly far more into Zak than Bryce, and while Gabriel plays it a little cooler he is clearly more into Beatriz.

When they come back to the villa the next night, the bombshells make their choices and Trinity and Bryce are returned to their original pair, leaving Kenzie and Sean single and vulnerable.


The two people left single by the recoupling, Kenzie and Sean, are vulnerable but still in the villa. Kenzie is soooo over Zak, and she demonstrates this by being very upset and refusing to speak with him. I guess this is what happens when everyone in the cast is under 25. She starts up a little something with Sean, but I don’t really see it working out long term.

Sincere and Mel seemed serious all night, but he’s excited to flirt with bombshell Kayda at the earliest opportunity. Kayda doesn’t think it flowed, but finding out about it still makes Mel cry. She gets worked up about it over the course of the day.

Sincere finally pulls Mel for a chat in the evening and clarifies how much he likes her. He wants to stay open to new people, but Mel is his number one. It’s day three! They should be exploring multiple people! I’m not sure how that turned into so much drama.

Gabriel pulls Kenzie for a chat, but it seems like she likes him more than he likes her. Aniya and KC and Trinity and Bryce were largely erased from this episode, so presumably there wasn’t any drama there.

The game of the episode is an islander trivia contest where contestants read a clue and push the islander who they think the clue applies to into the pool. Notable facts include Gabriel sleeping with a 52-year-old (and people thinking it was weird instead of hot), Trinity giving her partner head in the back seat while her mom drove the car (crazy behavior!), and Sincere texted girls while dating someone else (yikes!).

It’s our first challenge of the season! This “boss bitch” challenge involves each girl making out with someone who’s not your partner and then going into the Accounts Department to meet Corbin, a sexy new bombshell. To finish things off, they head back out and make out with their current partner. Lots of kissing!

It feels like this year is a bit sluttier than usual in challenges, and I wonder if it’s to compensate for how locked in all the couples have gotten in recent years. Production forces them to be messy in challenges in the hopes that it will stir something up back in the villa.

Mel spends the whole episode still upset about the Sincere/Kayda chat. Neither of them seem that into each other, but her attitude is definitely doing more to push Sincere away than bring him closer. Mel’s worries increase when Kayda chooses Sincere as the most “in need of a promotion” during the challenge and makes out with him.

Bryce and Trinity confirm that they’re feeling each other, Beatriz and Gabriel keep going strong, and Aniya wonders about where her and KC stand.

That night the islanders are gathered around the fire pit and Corbin is introduced to the boys. All of the girls are giggling and happy, and then Mel pulls Corbin for a 1:1 chat. It’s a bold move—Sincere is shocked and the girls are frustrated she didn’t let Kenzie pull him first.

Beatriz confronts Mel about her actions in a calm way and Melanie spirals. She’s upset about the way Beatriz talked to her and refuses to engage. It was a little bit silly the way Bea went at her, but Mel also overreacted. The episode ends on a dramatic note.

We start episode five exactly where we left off. Trinity tells Beatriz that her behavior could come across as “trying to have the last word”. I’m a pretty big believer in direct communication so I would have appreciated Bea, but I do agree that she can’t speak like that to everyone.

Corbin then moves on to the rest of his solo chats. He and Kenzie hit it off and he asks for a reminder of how she kisses. They make out in soul ties. Cobin and Kayda flirt and he tries the same line, but Kayda has a bit more security in her current couple and refuses. He has an emotional chat with Trinity and and a slightly flirtier chat with Aniya. He learned his lesson, it seems, and doesn’t ask to kiss either of them.

Mel pulls Sincere and asks him to comfort her. Sincere is, obviously, more interested in how Melanie feels about Corbin than how she feels about Beatriz.

Sean tells Bryce that he wants to pull Trinity for a chat. His conversation with Trinity doesn’t seem amazing—I can’t tell if she was intentionally shutting it down or not.

The next morning, Melanie is clearly in love with Corbin in a way she never has been before. She constantly talks about how hot he is and chats with him. Sincere tells Mel that it hurt him when she called him a “friend” last night.

Mel and Bea have a chat to make up for last night, and I admittedly fall in love with Bea during this conversation. She opens up about feeling unfeminine, especially in the villa, and her fear that she’s not soft enough. Mel hypes her up and it’s a really beautiful bonding moment.

KC and Aniya also have an adorable conversation—he celebrates her for being a Black woman and acknowledges how much harder that can be, especially on a dating show. They seem to really like each other and I fully support them.

That night, it’s time for the first recoupling of the season! There’s one more man than woman in the villa, meaning all of the men are vulnerable. Except one. Because he’s new, Corbin gets the opportunity to pick first.

Corbin pairs with Kenzie. Aniya pairs with KC. Mel couples up with Sincere. Kayda couples up with Zak, who I honestly forgot was in the villa. Beatriz remains coupled with Gabriel, leaving Trinity to choose between Bryce and Sean.

Kenzie was weirdly open about ranking the men she was into, and by doing that she dissuaded Trinity from pursuing Sean. It felt like a betrayal of Girl Code to go for Kenzies “number one” and de facto partner, so she didn’t get as flirty with him as she may have otherwise. That was likely a huge factor in her decision.

Trinity ultimately picks Bryce, and Sean is dumped from the villa. It’s a heartbreaking way to go home, especially given his number one girl wasn’t even given the opportunity to choose him. On the bright side, there are way too many people in this villa so we need to start cutting down the numbers.