There’s a feeling of bliss following the mailbox recoupling that ended the last episode. Everyone is back where they are meant to be (“home”, as Sincere and Melanie would say). KC and Aniya was able to confess more feelings for each other than they were with out-loud words, Sincere promises to stop exploring Sol, Jen and Gabriel might actually have a real connection, and both Brinity and Zayda are continuing their good vibes.

The odd part here, though, is that Sol and Caleb weren’t immediately dumped at the end of last episode. The fact that they’re together means that we now have a friendship couple made up of two people neither the audience, nor the other islanders, care about. Sort of. More on that later.

Sol marches around the villa all day being pissed at Sincere and everyone else. Jen tries to calm her down, but Sol is, well, inconsolable. She hates all of the men for not pursuing her, Sincere for lying to her face, and the girls for being cliquey. I would love to see more of the girl’s behavior towards Sol. As it stands, it’s impossible to know how they really feel about her.

After the recoupling, Gabriel and Jen got right down to “getting to know each other”. They are clearly either having sex or doing everything but it in bed. I’m sure they talked at some point, but all we get to see is them making out and touching each other.

That night, Ariana Madix appears to read the public’s votes. Four couples were safe, meaning three couples will be vulnerable. In no particular order, the safe couples are Bryce and Trinity, Kayda and Zach, Mel and Sincere, and Aniya and KC. This is pretty much expected from the outside. Although I don’t think Zach or Sincere have many fans, Kayda and Melanie certainly do.

Ariana splits the girls and the boys on opposite sides of the fire pit and delivers the news we knew was coming. The safe boys must vote out one girl, and the safe girls must vote out one boy.

In the discussions, the girls clearly want Gabriel to go home. Aniya fights for him, but she’s the only one. I don’t really understand why they’d send home Gabriel when he was in a couple, but I’d be willing to bet he’s been a bit too loud at night. They end up sending him home, and the boys are pissed.

The safe boys know they’re saving Kenzie, so the decision comes down to whether to vote out Jen or Sol. It seems like the choice should obviously be Sol, but KC announces that he wants to pursue her more aggressively if they keep her in. The votes are cast, and neither KC or Aniya get their way: Sol heads home.

With 2 more people sent out of the villa, we’re down to 5 couples and two singles headed into Friday’s episode. The Love Island USA chart at the end of episode 14 is:

After the first big islander decision of the season, the boys are up in arms. They loved their boy Gabriel and don’t understand why they’d send him home. Being “lustful” is part of the experience!

KC makes sure to dig himself a very deep grave. First, he tells people that he’s surprised Trinity and Bryce got into the top half of the voting. This is mean! Sol agrees with KC during Aftersun, so maybe they really are meant to be together. Then, the girls found out he wanted to save Sol and “explore” her. Just one day after KC and Aniya healed that wound, KC plays with the scab again. And he doesn’t even have anything to show for it!

The challenge for that week involves a complicated dance of kissing and sucking toes. The all-too-single Caleb chooses Kayda to kiss, sending Zach into a spiral. Later, he pulls Kayda and chats to her for a bit, and Zach spirals even further. This chat wasn’t even that good! Kayda is just entertaining the guy who has nothing else going on!

Zach is mean to Kayda that night and refuses to give her a hug or talk to her in front of people. I saw some theories that Zach is red pilled, and to be honest I’m starting to believe it. After throwing a tantrum all night, he doesn’t make Kayda breakfast the next day. Kayda’s nice enough to make it herself, but I would have asked Caleb to make it for me. Nobody’s going to disrespect me like that!

Kenzie tells Corbin that she’s surprised they weren’t in the top grouping. She definitely thought choosing him over her “ideal type” would have made more of an impression on the audience. Unfortunately for her, people are also noticing the different way she speaks to and treats Black islanders versus their white counterparts, and it’s not doing her any favors.

There was a lot of hype put into this episode. Not only is it the start of Casa Amor, but it was previewed as the Heart Rate Challenge. For those who are new to Love Island, both of these are iconic features of the franchise. Casa Amor involves separating the boys and girls into two separate villas and sending in a whole new cast to woo them away from their couple. The Heart Rate Challenge is when everyone dresses up, puts on heart rate monitors, and gives each other lap dances.

The girls are excited to dance, especially Kenzie, but when they sit around the fire to await the men, they find a giant present instead. Inside the present is a TV screen showing a live feed of Casa Amor. The boys have been sent away, and they’re getting their lap dances from the Casa girls instead!

Our Casa girls are Amora, Parmida, Sydney, Jaiden, Tierra, and Alannah. In the words of Trinity, Sydney is her “dupe” and Tierra’s body is tea.

The men clearly have no idea that they’re being live streamed, and they’re out of control. Corbin immediately announces that Kenzie is old news. He’s moved onto new things. KC is also a little bit too excited. He keeps touching fingers with Corbin and slapping girls asses like a kid in a candy store. Aniya is devastated, but Kenzie is pissed. She’s over Corbin and there’s no way she’s taking him back.

Zach and Sincere don’t behave much better either. Zach keeps saying he’s “cooked” and Sincere stares at the girls as if they’re actually the food he keeps comparing them to. Bryce is no angel either, and Trinity, Kayda, and Melanie are all angry.

After the TV is turned off, no Casa boys come in. The girls are alone for the night to stew on their anger. The boys, on the other hand, are hopping into bed with their new girls. All of them sleep in a bed with someone: Corbin sleeps with Jaiden, Caleb with Parmida, Zach with Alannah, KC with Tierra, Sincere with Amora, and Bryce with Sydney.

The girls wake up the next day still enraged. I hope all of that anger results in (nearly) all of them going back in a new couple. Because it’s Casa Amor time! Ariana Madix comes in and announces that 12 men will be coming into the villa for the day. That night, the girls will have to choose the six they want to stay for the duration of Casa.

The 12 men come in on a yacht and the OG boys watch them. They’re worried, especially Bryce. He spends the entire day mourning his girl and wondering when he’ll get to laugh with Trinity again.

Trinity, on the other hand, is doing her best to move on after everything she saw Bryce doing during the lap dancing challenge. She chats with Corey, and the two of them make out in the photo booth. I am hoping she returns to Bryce after exploring her connections. The two of them are just so adorable!

Aniya finds a man I’m genuinely obsessed with, Carl. He’s sweet, genuine, and rumor has it he was scouted and cast rather than applied. Plus, he seems rich based on his social media. This is the exact type Aniya needs, and I could not be happier that she’s getting over KC.

It’s not like KC is having any problems! After spending night one all over Tierra, he moves on to Sydney, making out with her and inviting her to spend the night in his bed. Now he’s betraying Aniya and Titi! The man is messyyyyyyyy. Titi is confused in confessional, but honestly what did she expect. Aniya isn’t crazy, she’s being disrespected.

Melanie chats with Ronnie and he hypes her up. She agrees to share a bed with him, but she doesn’t go any further than that. Sincere, on the other hand, makes out with Amora. The man cannot be loyal!

Speaking of loyalty, Corbin is once again stealing Caleb’s girl. He chats to Parmida and while she refuses to sleep in his bed, she seems to like him.

Kayda, Jen, and Trinity catch up about their night. Jen is giddy over Gal. Kayda likes Chay, but she is worried about what Zach is doing over in Casa Amor. Trinity feels the same way. She liked her chat with Corey, but she has feelings for Bryce. She feels guilty for kissing Corey and wants to be reunited with her man.

Morning dawns on the islanders, and some of them find clarity.

KC decides that sleeping with Sydney was a mistake. He actually likes Titi more. Aniya is not a thought in his mind! He chats with Titi and she apologizes for her emotions, so he takes her back. Ew.

Corey must have realized he doesn’t have a shot at Trinity, because he moves onto Melanie. He tells her that Sincere clearly can’t handle her as well as he could. It’s hot energy, I won’t lie.

Zach realizes that Kayda was on his mind while he was kissing Alannah. Kayda, on the other hand, realizes that Chay might be here for the right reasons. He has no social media, he just wants to pursue the hottest girl he’s ever had a conversation with (my words, not his). Kayda still refuses to kiss him, but she’s definitely getting there. She’s the only one in this whole villa moving the way people used to. I miss when kissing outside of a challenge was a big deal! It made things so much more fun!

Caleb couldn’t do another love triangle, so he invited Jaiden to sleep in his bed and fully moved onto her. I doubt they’ll ever last outside the villa, but at least he has a couple now!

Night comes, and it’s time for the Love Island USA cast to compete in the best challenge of the season: Casa vs Villa. The twist this year is that each OG couple will go head-to-head in competitions, meaning they don’t have to guess at whether it was their partner tonguing another person. The categories were most definitely rigged (Bryce the Toe Sucker got Suck), but I will say that Kenzie’s man matched her energy ridiculously well. I fully support.

Corey tells Melanie that Sincere hasn’t been honest with her in the villa—it’s true, but I can’t imagne how hard that would be to hear. My hope is that she brings someone back and Sincere doesn’t, because he deserves any karma that’s coming to him.

And that’s the week in episodes! Casa continues after the break. My current guess for what will happen is that Sincere, KC, Corbin, and Caleb all come back with a girl, and that Aniya, Kenzie, and Jen come back with boys. The two people I’m least sure about are Aniya and Sincere.